Update collect-pcaps.md (#3078)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/magic-firewall/src/content/how-to/collect-pcaps.md

        "system": "magic-transit"
}'
```

> `filter_v1` uses Wirefilter expressions to filter the PCAP. This field can be left empty to collect all packets without any filtering. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field values in the `filter_v1` object use Wirefilter expressions to filter the PCAP. Leaving this object empty will collect all packets without any filtering. 
```
There are several fields inside the `filter_v1` object, so I tried to make it more clear. However, there are still a couple of questions:
- Can you enter a Wirefilter expression for each field value (`source_address`, `source_port`, etc.), or will the different field values be combined to form a single Wirefilter expression?
- Do you need to add the object without any fields when you don't want to perform any filtering (e.g., `"filter_v1": {}`), or can you omit it?

Also, avoided passive voice in the second sentence.

Reviewer 2: @arges and @zeinjaber, would you all be able to provide a little more insight to the questions Pedro posed? thanks so much!

Reviewer 3: As it is written does not seem correct. We do not support generic wirefilter expressions in `filter_v1`.

Reviewer 4: Hey @pedrosousa,

> Can you enter a Wirefilter expression for each field value (source_address, source_port, etc.), or will the different field values be combined to form a single Wirefilter expression?

Each field value is a single address/port/protocol. It cannot be set to a wirefilter expression, it has to be a single value. We don't want to expose how these values will internally be used to filter traffic.

> Do you need to add the object without any fields when you don't want to perform any filtering (e.g., "filter_v1": {}), or can you omit it?

Either way is fine. In both these cases traffic will not be filtered. The existing sentence about `filter_v1` looks correct.

Reviewer: As discussed with @tejaswi-cf, I'll remove the "Wirefilter expression" reference (since it doesn't apply here) and just fix the passive voice in a separate commit.
